# persuasive essay

> Should there be a limit on the wages of the highest earner in a company?

Introduction

Supporting argument1

Supporting argument2

Counter-argument + rebuttal

Conclusion

工作激情

技术进步

​	With the rapid development of society, excessive resource allocation gives rise to a tremendous wealth gap. As a result,  ironic calls for fairness emerge, such as capping the income of a company's highest earner. While such measures aim to reduce inequality, they often fail to improve the livelihoods of the lower-paid. In contrast, unlimited rewards not only **bring positive competition to sustain a company**, but also **motivate workers to further into infinitely challenging research**.

​	Unlimited wages boost earners' working passion, and highest earner is not an exception. Ambition is the engine that enables a company to step to a new level. We, humans are tending to make a breakthrough and challenge the limit. Once here comes to an end in the wages, it is less important to spare efforts on it, which drives working into a deadly repeated matter. Therefor, that is why we set the extra rewards to workers who contributes greater. And unlimited wages are one of the extra rewards to the highest earner.

​	Unlimited wages advance technological progress. As the saying goes that move forward or fall behind. To win extra rewards and avoid being lag behind, they will continuously upgrade their services so as to maximize profits in fiercely industry competition. It is the fellow colleagues' pressure that pushes technology advancing and dares to risk to figure out tricking problems.  Google's uncapped bonus policy for Waymo engineers is a clear example of how unlimited wages drive technological breakthroughs.

​	It is undeniable that no limit on the wages of the highest earner in a company is unfriendly to most lower-paid workers. Seemingly, the highest earner may larging his personal profits by sacrificing others possession. However, on the contrary, he will invest more to improve the whole stuff. Such as increasing salaries, bettering circumstances and so on. Generally speaking, higher the top winner attain, more satisfied colleagues are to some degree.

​	In a conclusion, without a limit on the highest earner is beneficial to various aspects in a company as it can fuels worker's enterprise and pushes social development forward. Hence, it is not wise to set a limit on the wages of the highest earner in a company.

